Underdevelopment sign at the start of covid-19 dungeon (#133)
MakeContributions/markdown-dungeon: english/covid-19/begin-journey.md

You walk 🚶‍♂️ out of your house with no precautionary methods to meet a friend 👨. After walking halfway, three sphere-shaped figures 😈 with thorns sticking out their body comes towards you and you don't remember anything that happened the rest of the day 💫.

[🤠 Begin your journey](0/0.md)

> 🚧 This dungeon is still underdevelopment. You can help us by [contributing](https://github.com/MakeContributions/markdown-dungeon). 🚧

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🚧 This dungeon is still under development. You can help us by [contributing](https://github.com/MakeContributions/markdown-dungeon#-contribution-guidelines). 🚧
```

> 🚧 This dungeon is still under development. You can help us by [contributing](https://github.com/MakeContributions/markdown-dungeon#-contribution-guidelines). 🚧

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🚧 This dungeon is still under development. You can still play it and have fun. To complete the dungeon, you can [contribute](https://github.com/MakeContributions/markdown-dungeon#-contribution-guidelines). 🚧
```

Reviewer: This will avoid the dungeon being deserted
